# CPPTraining
Since I was in middle school I was interested in programming and when I was I think around 12 I grabbed as first real programming language c++ after VBA, during my study of software engeenering I am getting the chanche to pick it back up and here I stored a lot of the programs that I made slowly adapting them to my writing style of the time of change in hope that some of them may be of help to someone who wants to get started in the c++ programming language. I am nowhere near 1% or less the knowledge that c++ programmers have so in doing so I Hope to get better and help others do the same too. As stated before there are ten-thousand ways of doing all this algorithm better this are my solutions at the time of writing of the file. Some of this program are at the same level of the one asked in the lecture others get deeper and may not be so much beginner friendly. Since everyone as it's own way of programming, and this is particularly true in c++ if some of the thing that I do might not feel comfortable for you feel free to change them. I will be using libraries in more advanced program so I'am not going to include any namespace, you can delete the std:: and add 'using namespace std;' and the programs should still work fine. To make more easy to read this repository I labelled the various topics from basic, intermediate, advanced and so on. It's important to understand that if you are already familiar with c++ language you will see that some thing are not covered to the root but it's fine at least in simple thing it's better in my opinion to not create confusion, I'am well aware that it exist other possibilty and uses for some objects but if you go to cppreference.com you can look them up. All the files here that relates to theory are kust brief overview of the concept since it would be impossible to present in a proper manner everything going on behind the scene.
For more clarity the difficulty is not chosen on the code itself but more on the purpose of the thing itself:
      basic: beginner friendly topic must know
      intermediate: more complex feature that can help automate and simplify basic tasks
      advaced: topics of optimization and more focused on c++ bheavior itself and more specific problems
